That night my child slept
I turn my head
Smoke rose from the bed
The child also disappeared
I slept with the baby in my arms
At dawn, the child becomes a puppet.
So weird
Is it really the Dragon King?
How could humans do such a thing?
It was a woman.
Now it's a kid again
There's no connection between these two cases, is there?
How could such a thing happen, Lord Song?
Why not head to the Wind and Rain Temple for clues?
The people in Stormy Temple City must be in danger
Competing to worship in temples
If you go, you may gain something
But this Wind and Rain Temple has a very high level of folk belief
Won't it cause outrage?
Ah, I'm ready.
This is the fake identity arranged by the commander for the two of you.
Can be deceiving
Lord Wu has a heart
Then someone asked
From now on, you will follow the false identities written on the document
Just answer
It won't be revealed. Marriage contract